Add info on defining custom names for tests to migration guide (#2586)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/migration/versions/04-upgrading-to-dbt-utils-v1.0.md

    tests:
      - dbt_utils.expression_is_true:
          expression: "col_a + col_b = total"
          #replace this...
          condition: "created_at > '2018-12-31'" 

  - name: new_syntax
    tests:
      - dbt_utils.expression_is_true:
          expression: "col_a + col_b = total"
          # ...with this...
          where: "created_at > '2018-12-31'"
```

> Note that this may cause some tests to get the same autogenerated names. To resolve this, you can [define a custom name for a test](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-properties/tests#define-a-custom-name-for-one-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** &mdash; This may cause some tests to get the same autogenerated names. To resolve this, you can [define a custom name for a test](/reference/resource-properties/tests#define-a-custom-name-for-one-test).
```
